The last time we spoke,
I left you with the question,
Why did Jesus die?
How would you answer that question?
I’ve been thinking about it.
I don’t really know.
That’s OK.
It’s a question that has puzzled
a lot of people throughout history.
Thankfully, the Bible
can help us find the answer.
Notice what it says here at Matthew 20:28.
Would you like to read that out loud?
Sure.
“Just as the Son of man came,
not to be ministered to,
“but to minister and to give his life
as a ransom in exchange for many.”
Thank you.
Looking at the end of the verse,
do you notice the reason Jesus gave his life?
“As a ransom”?
Exactly.
Jesus gave his life
to buy back the lives of others
—and not just a few but many.
Really, Jesus gave his life for everyone
who sincerely wants
to benefit from that sacrifice,
including you and me.
He also taught us
how we can show our appreciation for it.
Let’s consider what he said
about that the next time I’m here.
That sounds great.